https://www.google.com/maps/place/Sri+Amman+Self+Driving+Rental+Car+Madurai/@9.9219103,78.1232163,16.68z/data=!4m6!3m5!1s0x3b00c5d2423514b9:0x690b35cc9f00b09c!8m2!3d9.9213951!4d78.1250928!16s%2Fg%2F11njcygvd7?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDYyMi4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D google map enbedded              Sri Amman Self Driving Rental Car Madurai        229-230, E Veli St, near HDFC Bank, Nelpettai, Madurai Main, Madurai, Tamil Nadu 625001    070105 32307 - call ,and whatsaap enbedded  Sri Amman Self Driving Rental Car offers affordable and reliable self-drive car rental services across Madurai. We serve key areas including Vakaikulam, Sellur, Koodal Nagar, Arappalayam, Mattuthavani, K Pudur, Iyer Bungalow, and Madurai Main. Choose from well-maintained cars for local travel, family trips, business needs, and outstation journeys. Easy booking, flexible rental plans, clean vehicles, and customer-friendly service at competitive price  home service, about us-Fully Fraganced 24/7 Customer Support Well Maintained Cars Customer Friendly Staffs Clean and Hygienic Interior Doorstep Delivery Quick Delivery Service     Refund Policy Document Verification: If the renter’s original ID proofs do not meet our requirements or if the required documents are not brought as per our guidelines, the booking will be treated as a last-minute cancellation, and no refund will be provided. Intoxication Policy: If the renter is found to be intoxicated at the time of pickup, it will be considered a zero-cancellation situation, and no refund will be issued. Date Changes: To alter your booking date, please notify us at least 48 hours before the trip. For changes made within 48 to 24 hours before the trip, a 30% cancellation fee will apply. Cancellation Notice: Cancellations must be made at least 48 hours before the trip. A 30% cancellation fee will be charged. For cancellations made less than 48 hours before the trip, a zero-cancellation policy will apply. Last‑Minute Changes: If the renter cancels or modifies the booking within 24 hours of the scheduled pickup time, it will be treated as a zero‑refund situation. In case if you approved for refund in how many days it will get credited to clients account? Once if refund is approved by our end it will take 5-7 working days to process and credited to your bank account. ,term and condition- more details term and condition content like  Original Driving License is mandatory and should be deposited with us until the end of the trip, without which we would be unable to give you a car. We accept a Passport instead of a Driving License only if you are a foreign national or an NRI. If you are employed, we would need to see your employment ID and Aadhar card during the delivery of the car. If you are self-employed, we require you to show us your GST registration certificate and Aadhar for verification purposes. Onroadz reserves the right to cancel the booking without a refund if the renter is found drunk or under the influence of drugs at the time of pick-up of the vehicle. Consumption of Alcohol, Tobacco, or Weed is strictly prohibited inside the vehicle, and a penalty of Rs.10,000/- will be charged on violation of the same. Carrying animals or other commercial goods in the rented car is strictly prohibited. Customers are not permitted to use the rented cars for any commercial purposes without prior permission from the management in writing. The renter is solely responsible for ensuring the condition of the vehicle’s interior and exterior with pictures and videos before taking delivery of the car. Any new damages to the interior or exterior of the vehicle on return will accordingly be charged. In case of self-pickup of the car, the renter should be punctual about the pickup timings as per the booking. Any delay in the pickup time of the car will not be considered, and the actual timing as per the booking will be applicable for the charges. In the case of doorstep delivery, the delivery time will be based on the availability of the drivers and the traffic conditions. The trip’s start time will be when the car is delivered to the customer. In the event of a breakdown, the customer is not allowed to touch any of the car’s parts and must contact the Onroadz Team and follow their instructions. The renter must return the car at the said time during the booking. Suppose you want to extend your car, please inform us 4 hours before the end time of your trip. Failure to do that would attract the penalty mentioned below based on the type of car rentedIn case of any damage by the customer which requires repair, it is strictly required that the customer takes the vehicle only to an authorized service center and not to a local workshop for repair. We would charge a penalty of Rs. 10,000/- on violation of the same apart from the damage charges. The customers must ensure that the vehicle’s interior is clean at the time of return. In case of any stain, foul odor, or vomit is found inside the car, Rs.1500/- will be charged as a penalty for the same. The renter has to pay the total rental amount for the entire trip duration before the pickup, only after which will the vehicle be handed over to the customer. If the customers drop off the car before the drop-off time mentioned in the booking, the same will not be considered, and we will give no refund. We will give no payment for any extra fuel and FASTag left by the customer in the vehicle at the return time. The renter has to ensure that he has checked and taken all the necessary vehicle papers for his travel from us. Any fines leading to unavailability of paper has to be borne by the customer. If any traffic fines and violations are found during your trip dates even after the end of trip, the same has to be borne by the customer. Speed limit 80–110 kmph. Above 110 kmph, INR 1000 penalty for each violation.Cancellation Policy Cancel 24 hours before pickup: 50% refund.. Cancel or modify within 24 hours: No refund, no changes. Unsatisfactory or missing ID proofs: last minute cancellation, no refund. Drunk or intoxicated at pick-up: booking canceled, no refundInsurance Policy In case of any damages done to the rented vehicle by the customer amounting to a value less than Rs.25,000/-, the renter has to bear the entire charge for repair as quoted by the showroom at the time of return. If the cost of damage exceeds Rs.25,000/-, the renter has to pay a depreciation amount of Rs.25,000/- and also the difference amount between the quotation given by the showroom and the insurance claim quotation. Along with this, a full day charge (based on the package rented) for the damaged car has to be paid by the customer for the number of days the car is kept in the showroom. If the cause of damage is found to be the renter violating traffic rules, rash driving, drunk & drive or if the renter has less than a year of driving experience in a hill station, then no insurance can be claimed for the same and the renter has to bear the full damage cost. In case of damage the renter is solely responsible for the towing charges and other legal/police formalities that incur until the car reaches the showroom for further processing. The renter is not allowed to off-road the vehicle and if any damages incur due to the same the renter has to bear the entire damage repair charges.  The Customer has to Submit Only Original of Passport/Ration Card Working ID/ Business Card and Aadhar card. Election ID or Driving License or Pan Card (Bike or Laptop for local Coimbatore ID Proofs). If the Customer picks the Vehicle after 12pm, it will be considered as half a day and you have to return the Vehicle at the same day at 10pm. OR If the customer picks the Vehicle at 10pm today, then you can return it on next day at 10pm. Timings will be followed Strictly, if time crosses 12am next day charges will be applicable. Vehicles are given for the Person only above 23. Only 300 kms per day limit Fuel is your cost…  Speed Limit 100per/hour. Only After Paying Advance Amount, the Car would be blocked on your name and date. If you pay Advance by Online… Once you make the Payment, You have to send us back the screenshot of the Payment you made. The Customer needs to pay the Cash Fully before renting the Car. Only After Paying Full Amount only we can give you the Car Keys. If the Customer needs to Cancel the Booking after we have blocked the car on your name. Then the advance amount will not be refunded. No cash for extra fuel, while returning the car left in the tank. The Customer promise to take photos of the car – all sides & send you a copy by mail or WhatsApp. If the customer has made any damage while hiring the car, then the customer has to take the full responsibility of the car damage. Car will be strictly maintained at only Authorized Service Centre. If accident happens while renter rents the car, and the damage cost is below 25,000 then the Customer has to pay by them at the spot itself. If the damage is above 25,000 then it can be claimed by the insurance in showroom. But the difference amount needs to be paid by the customer. Door delivery is available. Charges applicable according to Km distance from our destination.   contact   -name ,location,   Enter your mobile number City Madurai Hub      Pickup Date & Time     Please select pickup time    Drop Date & Time    enbedded in whatsaapp  using  070105 32307 full master prompt one shot  with unique modern 3D anmated design with conten master prompt